= Cacophony notifier

* Author: David Lyons (http://loadedfingers.com)

== Caco-whatsie?

Cacophony is a small library that broadcasts notifications via a variety of mechanisms, such as growl, email and twitter. All instances of cacophony can share a configuration file, which can be used to centralise notification configfuration for a variety of applications. Thus, you can manage the way notifications are sent from all applications from one config file. 
It also comes with a command line executable which is great for notifiying you(or others) when a long running task is complete. It operates as a standalone executable, and it also can read from STDIN to pipe output from your tasks to the notifiers.
The various notifiers are configured in ~/.cacophony, or via a config file passed via -c option.

== Requirements

* ruby 1.9.x
* trollop
* Growl (if you want growl notifications)

== Install

    sudo gem install cacophony

Running cacophony for the first time will prompt you to create a sample configuration file, which you can edit as appropriate.

== Usage - Ruby library

Some examples:

    notifier = Cacophony::Notifier.new   #defaults to reading config from ~/.cacophony
    notifier.notifiy('Witty title', 'informative message')

    notifier = Cacophony::Notifier.new('~/.alternative_config_file')
    notifier.notifiy('Witty title', 'informative message')

    notifier = Cacophony::Notifier.new({:growl_notifier => {...}})  #pass config hash directly.
    notifier.notifiy('Witty title', 'informative message')

== Usage - Command line

Some examples:

    cacophony -m 'just a message'
    ./long_task_is_long | cacophony 
    ./long_task_is_long | cacophony -t 'job output:'
    ./long_task_is_long && cacophony -m 'coffee break over'


== Developers
You can add customer notifiers by adding a class to lib/notifiers/. They must follow the naming pattern xNotifier, copy one of the existing classes for method signatures.
